README.md, before:

# Background information 
Hi !

My name is Leszek.

I am currently studying computer science at Wrocław University of Science and Technology at Faculty of Electronics.
I started my journey as a programmer right after I have finished High-school (2017). Since then I am trying different technologies and programming languages. I started as a C++ developer and that allowed me to understand most of the object oriented programming principles. Recently I discovered and understood the beauty of modern high-level programming languages such as C# and Python.  
I spend most of my free time on coding and learning. Otherwise I am hanging out with friends and playing basketball.



# Description of the repository
This repository contains all my simple projects which were developed in order to learn the basics of solving different problems in world of computer science.

There are different languages in here because i am still not sure which way i want to head to. That's the reason why I am trying different technologies and programming languages in order to get a grip on one that suits me the best.

Commit message:

Adding new README
Changed the readme to better suit the repository.

README.md, after:

# OnlineGameScript ![CI status](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen.svg)

TribalWarsScript is a python script which automates the boring process of sending troops to barbarian villages ( A.K.A. farming) in online flash game:
https://www.tribalwars.works/

## Installation

You can find detailed instalation guide right here: [Instalation guide](https://github.com/LeszekBlazewski/OnlineGameScript/blob/master/OnlineGameScript/README1_INSTALATION_GUIDE.txt)

### Requirements
* Linux or Windows
* Python 3.6.6
* One of the browsers:
	* Firefox
	* Chrome
	* Opera
* Selenium module installed
* Driver configured for your chosen browser

After installing python on your machine.  Simply open terminal on linux or cmd on Windows and enter run this command

`$ pip install selenium`

## Usage

You can find the in-depth user guide here : [How to use Tribalwars script](https://github.com/LeszekBlazewski/OnlineGameScript/blob/master/OnlineGameScript/README2_HOW_2_USE_THE_SCRIPT_GUIDE.txt)


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
